So sometimes your parties will conflict with those of your management
because, well, they have a different view and a different if they're
at the strategic level and you're at the tactical. So there's been
a time when I really needed to focus on the individuals at my command
because they were struggling with a certain situation. But really,
my management or my superiors wanted me have, ah, larger view of the
situation and take care of multiple commands. And I was being spread
too thin and I didn't feel like I was effective enough. So I had
toe to make a decision. Um, do I want to do? It's what I feel is right?
Or do I have to listen to my command? I ultimately ended up kind
of doing a little bit of both and taking care of the people at my command,
but also intermittently helping the other people that need that
my superiors wanted me to dio